Update Documentation to reflect the inability to rotate a REST API key. (#18065)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apis/intro-apis/new-relic-api-keys.mdx

        title="Rotate REST API key"
    >

>       This is an older key that is deprecated, but is still supported by New Relic. We now recommend using the user key instead of the REST API key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      This is an older key that's deprecated but still supported by New Relic. We now recommend using the user key instead of the REST API key.
```

>       You cannot rotate this key, you can only delete it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      You can't rotate this key, but you can delete it.
```
